Esto puede servir para el proyecto
Alzare mis ojos a los montes
de donde vendra mi socorro.
Alzare mis ojos a los montes
de donde vendra mi socorro.
Alzare mis ojos a los montes
de donde vendra mi socorro.
Alzare mis ojos a los montes
de donde vendra mi socorro.
Alzare mis ojos a los montes
de donde vendra mi socorro.
Alzare mis ojos a los montes
de donde vendra mi socorro.
Alzare mis ojos a los montes
de donde vendra mi socorro.
Alzare mis ojos a los montes
de donde vendra mi socorro.
Alzare mis ojos a los montes
de donde vendra mi socorro.
Alzare mis ojos a los montes
de donde vendra mi socorro.
Alzare mis ojos a los montes
de donde vendra mi socorro.